how I handle self doubt. Um, yeah. There's gonna be times in your career.
You gonna wonder why am I out here? Why am I doing this job? I'll
tell you a lot of nights. And if I were wearing my uniform right now
Bourbons on you. See, I have see service deployed with four pins
on it. Four Oakley's on it, which stands for two years. Fully deployed
away from the country with my family, with my cold underway at sea,
Another year in hand. So technically, I was away for three years
from the States. Anyway, the thing is nice. Worshipped robbery at night.
You look up at the stars, you can see the stars, and you know what
you're doing. You know your mission. I always like to look back
for the ship from sugars on the way and you have shifted colors from
the fantail to the main mast. Ship is underway. You see old glory flying.
It's flying because you're there, nor mission on. What you're
doing is keeping that flag showing that flag that's always been inspired.
Um, I was advised officers will have a chance in Washington D
c by and see all the monuments goodbye and looking. Lincoln worked
with the Washington Monument. Look at what they did. Is that smart?
Okay, they did a lot, so they knew what they did. I think I try to stay
motivated to do.